Oh Hello There!
Welcome to Computer Systems here at SDU.
My name is Eric and I will be your teacher this semester.

What would you like to do?
>Information  >Begin Test


Information:
If you want to be a great programmer you have to know the basics of a computer!
This course will take you through many exciting and interesting subjects, so you can become a great programmer one day.
Now lets begin...

As I said Computer Science is ALL about the understanding of every little nooks and crannies of a computer.
A computer is made up of the following components: the hardware and the software. 
The hardware that is normally found in a PC is:

> MOTHERBOARD  
> CPU 
> RAM
> HHD/SSD
> PSU

These are the most important hardware components of a PC. 
To quickly go through these components,The Motherboard holds holds all the parts together,
a certain amount of slots for each part. Here is where the RAM and the CPU located. 
The CPU or Central Processing Unit is what many people normally will call the brain of a PC. 
CPUs are built by placing billions of microscopic transistors onto a single computer chip. 
Those transistors allow it to make the calculations it needs to run programs that are stored on your system’s memory.
RAM or Random Access Memory is a form of Data storage that stores Data and Machine code currently being used. 
This Data could be anything from Operating Systems like Windows,MacOS X, Unix and so on.. to important Data that contains 
code for specific tasks.The most important feature of a RAM is the speed of which the Data can be accessed.
HHD/SSD in where most of the Data is store. These drivers are slow(er) compared to the RAM, 
but there are more practical in a sense that you can store huge amount of Data that you don't always need to have access to.
HHD stand for Hard Disk Drive and SSD for Solid State Drive. Also these two differ in the way the data is being stored-
but this will not be discussed any further in this course.
And the last thing in a PC is the PSU. PSU stands for Power Supply Unit and this component makes sure that the PC gets
the right amount of watt to ensure that every thing can run optimally.


The second important component is the software...
....
......
........


Now lets see, Are you ready to take the test?
>yes      >no

yes:
Excellent !! 
Answer all 3 questions correctly and you will pass this course.
Good Luck!



no:
Well that is okay. Feel free to read the information one more time
//(information loaded again)


//The Questions.
COS;What does SSD stands for?:Static Solid Drive,Solid Static Drive,Simple Static Drive;Solid Static Drive
COS;What does RAM do?;Store huge Data,Store important Data,Store current Data;Store current Data
COS;Where is the CPU allocated?;On its own,On the motherboard;Somewhere else;On the motherboard


//Test passed.
Hurray!!
You answered all the questions correctly and you passed the test.
You earned a PC this can be used for your final exam.
//player gets PC(key)

